Memory limit (#431)
equinor/radix-public-site: public-site/docs/radix-config/index.md

          cpu: "1000m"
```

The `resources` section specifies how much CPU and memory each component needs, that are shared among all Radix environments in a component. 

> These common resources are overridden by environment-specific resources. The requested quote of memory and cpu must be belowe the limit.

Reviewer: typo. Unsure if it should be quote or quota. Quote is a verb...
```suggestion
These common resources are overridden by environment-specific resources. The requested quote of memory and cpu must be below the limit.
```

If no memory limit is set, but a memory request is set, we will set the limit equal to the requested value. 

> The opposite is also true, if a memory limit is set, but no requests, we wil sett the requested memory equal to the memory limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The opposite is also true, if a memory limit is set, but no requests, we will set the requested memory equal to the memory limit.
```
